Update reqs-md-app-guard.md (#9520)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-application-guard/reqs-md-app-guard.md

The threat landscape is continually evolving. While hackers are busy developing new techniques to breach enterprise networks by compromising workstations, phishing schemes remain one of the top ways to lure employees into social engineering attacks. Microsoft Defender Application Guard is designed to help prevent old, and newly emerging attacks, to help keep employees productive.

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```
MarkDown indent marker compatibility spacing (since we are correcting this detail in the next line as well).

> >Given the technological complexity, the security promise of Microsoft Defender Application Guard (MDAG) may not hold true on VMs and VDI environment. Hence, MDAG is currently not official supported on VMs and VDI environment. However, for testing and automation on non-production machines, you may enable MDAG on a VM by enabling Hyper-V nested virtualization on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Given the technological complexity, the security promise of Microsoft Defender Application Guard (MDAG) may not hold true on VMs and in VDI environments. Hence, MDAG is currently not officially supported on VMs and in VDI environments. However, for testing and automation purposes on non-production machines, you may enable MDAG on a VM by enabling Hyper-V nested virtualization on the host.
```
Minor grammatical details, as well as a MarkDown indent marker compatibility spacing.
